tikv: add more description for config max-bytes-for-level-base (#12135)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `max-bytes-for-level-base`

> + The maximum number of bytes at base level (L1). Generally, it is set to 4 times the size of a memtable. When the level-1 data size reaches the limit value of `max-bytes-for-level-base`, the SST files of level-1 and their overlap SST files of level-2 will be compacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of bytes at base level (level-1). Generally, it is set to 4 times the size of a memtable. When the level-1 data size reaches the limit value of `max-bytes-for-level-base`, the SST files of level-1 and their overlapping SST files of level-2 will be compacted.
```

+ Default value for `defaultcf` and `writecf`: `"512MB"`
+ Default value for `lockcf`: `"128MB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

> + It is recommended that the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` is set approximately equal to the data volume in L0 to reduce unnecessary compaction. For example, if the compression method is "no:no:lz4:lz4:lz4:lz4:lz4", the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` should be `write-buffer-size * 4`, because there is no compression of L0 and L1 and the trigger condition of compaction for L0 is that the number of the SST files reaches 4 (the default value). When L0 and L1 both adopt compaction, you need to analyze RocksDB logs to understand the size of an SST file compressed from a MemTable. For example, if the file size is 32 MB, it is recommended to set the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` to 128 MB (32 MB * 4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ It is recommended that the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` is set approximately equal to the data volume in L0 to reduce unnecessary compaction. For example, if the compression method is "no:no:lz4:lz4:lz4:lz4:lz4", the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` should be `write-buffer-size * 4`, because there is no compression of L0 and L1 and the trigger condition of compaction for L0 is that the number of the SST files reaches 4 (the default value). When L0 and L1 both adopt compaction, you need to analyze RocksDB logs to understand the size of an SST file compressed from a memtable. For example, if the file size is 32 MB, it is recommended to set the value of `max-bytes-for-level-base` to 128 MB (`32 MB * 4`).
```
